papers-hw.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Papers & HW
---
# Papers & HW
Below is a collection of papers and homework I've written up for some of my undergraduate classes.

<!-- ## Table of Contents
* [Fall 2018](#fall-2018)
  * d -->

## Spring 2019

#### The Ghost in the Machine
- [*On the CTD Principle's Implications for the Mind*](\hw\Spring%202019\Ghost%20in%20Machine\ctdpaper\main.pdf) - An argumentative paper that uses the Church-Turing-Deutsch Principle, the notion of hypercomputability, and the byproduct theory of religion, in opposition to mind-body dualism.
- [*Atari Pong AI via Reinforcment Learning*](\hw\Spring%202019\Ghost%20in%20Machine\pongpaper\pongpaper.pdf) - A paper that gives a rudimentary overview of the construction of my [Atari Pong AI](\reinforcement-learning-pong) and of neural networks in general, then uses that to inform questions on the consequences of the public perception of AI in the future.

#### Human Nature and Diversity
- [*On Bloom's "Is God an Accident?"*](\hw\Spring%202019\humannaturepaper\paper.pdf) - My thoughts and critique, although pretty much just agreement, of Paul Bloom's 2005 article ["Is God an Accident?"](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2005/12/is-god-an-accident/304425/) which discusses the byproduct theory of religion and its evidence.

#### Numerical Analysis
A list of all my HW for the class. Both problems and solutions are typed up in LaTeX below:

- [HW1](\hw\Spring%202019\Num%20Analysis\hw1\hw1.pdf), [HW2](\hw\Spring%202019\Num%20Analysis\hw2\hw2.pdf), [HW3](\hw\Spring%202019\Num%20Analysis\hw3\hw3.pdf), [HW4](\hw\Spring%202019\Num%20Analysis\hw4\hw4.pdf), [HW5](\hw\Spring%202019\Num%20Analysis\hw5\hw5.pdf).

## Fall 2018

#### Intro to Philosophy
Below are the two papers I wrote for the class. They both take the form of an extraction then analysis of an argument.
- [*On Clark's "Without Evidence or Argument"*](\hw\Fall%202018\Intro%20to%20Philosophy\philosophypaper1.pdf) - A paper that extracts and critiques Kelly J. Clark's argument against William Clifford's argument on the ethics of beliefs.
- [*On Pereboom's Argument Against Moral Responsibility*](\hw\Fall%202018\Intro%20to%20Philosophy\philosophypaper2.pdf) - An extraction and commentary on Derek Pereboom's 4 case argument from his article "Why We Have No Free Will and Can Live Without It."

#### Intro to Math Reasoning
A list of all my HW for the class. Both problems and solutions are typed up in LaTeX below:

- [HW1](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw1.pdf), [HW2a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw2a.pdf), [HW2b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw2b.pdf), [HW3a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw3a.pdf), [HW3b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw3b.pdf), [HW4a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw.pdf), [HW4b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw.pdf), [HW5a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw5a.pdf), [HW5b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw5b.pdf), [HW6a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw6a.pdf), [HW6b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw6b.pdf), [HW7a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw7a.pdf), [HW7b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw7b.pdf), [HW8a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw8a.pdf), [HW8b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw8b.pdf), [HW9a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw9a.pdf), [HW9b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw9b.pdf), [HW10a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw10a.pdf), [HW10b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw10b.pdf), [HW11a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw11a.pdf), [HW11b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw11b.pdf).

<!-- #### Intro to Cognitive Science -->

#### Calculus III
A list of all my HW for the class. Both problems and solutions are typed up in LaTeX below:

- [HW1](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw1.pdf),  [HW2](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw2.pdf), [HW3](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw3.pdf), [HW4](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw4.pdf), [HW5](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw5.pdf), [HW6](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw6.pdf), [HW7](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw7.pdf), [HW8](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw8.pdf), [HW9](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw9.pdf), [Challenge HW1](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3challengehw1.pdf), [Challenge HW3](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3challengehw3.pdf).

Commit message:

contraction maps and fall 19 hw

papers-hw.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Papers & HW
---
# Papers & HW
Below is a collection of papers and homework I've written up for some of my undergraduate classes.

<!-- ## Table of Contents
* [Fall 2018](#fall-2018)
  * d -->

## Fall 2019
#### Theory of Probability
A list of all my HW for the class. Both problems and solutions are typed up in LaTeX below:

- [HW0](\hw\Fall%202019\prob-theory\PDFs\prob-theory-hw0.pdf), [HW1](\hw\Fall%202019\prob-theory\PDFs\prob-theory-hw1.pdf), [HW2](\hw\Fall%202019\prob-theory\PDFs\prob-theory-hw2.pdf), [HW3](\hw\Fall%202019\prob-theory\PDFs\prob-theory-hw3.pdf).

#### Elementary Differential Equations
A list of all my HW for the class. Both problems and solutions are typed up in LaTeX below:

- [HW1](\hw\Fall%202019\diff-eqs\PDFs\diff-eqs-hw1.pdf).

#### Set Theory
A list of all my HW for the class. Both problems and solutions are typed up in LaTeX below:

- [HW1](\hw\Fall%202019\diff-eqs\PDFs\set-theory-hw1.pdf), [HW2](\hw\Fall%202019\diff-eqs\PDFs\set-theory-hw2.pdf), [HW3](\hw\Fall%202019\diff-eqs\PDFs\set-theory-hw3.pdf).

## Spring 2019

#### The Ghost in the Machine
- [*On the CTD Principle's Implications for the Mind*](\hw\Spring%202019\Ghost%20in%20Machine\ctdpaper\main.pdf) - An argumentative paper that uses the Church-Turing-Deutsch Principle, the notion of hypercomputability, and the byproduct theory of religion, in opposition to mind-body dualism.
- [*Atari Pong AI via Reinforcment Learning*](\hw\Spring%202019\Ghost%20in%20Machine\pongpaper\pongpaper.pdf) - A paper that gives a rudimentary overview of the construction of my [Atari Pong AI](\reinforcement-learning-pong) and of neural networks in general, then uses that to inform questions on the consequences of the public perception of AI in the future.

#### Human Nature and Diversity
- [*On Bloom's "Is God an Accident?"*](\hw\Spring%202019\humannaturepaper\paper.pdf) - My thoughts and critique, although pretty much just agreement, of Paul Bloom's 2005 article ["Is God an Accident?"](https://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2005/12/is-god-an-accident/304425/) which discusses the byproduct theory of religion and its evidence.

#### Numerical Analysis
A list of all my HW for the class. Both problems and solutions are typed up in LaTeX below:

- [HW1](\hw\Spring%202019\Num%20Analysis\hw1\hw1.pdf), [HW2](\hw\Spring%202019\Num%20Analysis\hw2\hw2.pdf), [HW3](\hw\Spring%202019\Num%20Analysis\hw3\hw3.pdf), [HW4](\hw\Spring%202019\Num%20Analysis\hw4\hw4.pdf), [HW5](\hw\Spring%202019\Num%20Analysis\hw5\hw5.pdf).

## Fall 2018

#### Intro to Philosophy
Below are the two papers I wrote for the class. They both take the form of an extraction then analysis of an argument.
- [*On Clark's "Without Evidence or Argument"*](\hw\Fall%202018\Intro%20to%20Philosophy\philosophypaper1.pdf) - A paper that extracts and critiques Kelly J. Clark's argument against William Clifford's argument on the ethics of beliefs.
- [*On Pereboom's Argument Against Moral Responsibility*](\hw\Fall%202018\Intro%20to%20Philosophy\philosophypaper2.pdf) - An extraction and commentary on Derek Pereboom's 4 case argument from his article "Why We Have No Free Will and Can Live Without It."

#### Intro to Math Reasoning
A list of all my HW for the class. Both problems and solutions are typed up in LaTeX below:

- [HW1](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw1.pdf), [HW2a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw2a.pdf), [HW2b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw2b.pdf), [HW3a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw3a.pdf), [HW3b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw3b.pdf), [HW4a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw.pdf), [HW4b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw.pdf), [HW5a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw5a.pdf), [HW5b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw5b.pdf), [HW6a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw6a.pdf), [HW6b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw6b.pdf), [HW7a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw7a.pdf), [HW7b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw7b.pdf), [HW8a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw8a.pdf), [HW8b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw8b.pdf), [HW9a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw9a.pdf), [HW9b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw9b.pdf), [HW10a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw10a.pdf), [HW10b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw10b.pdf), [HW11a](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw11a.pdf), [HW11b](\hw\Fall%202018\Math%20Reasoning\PDFs\mathreasonhw11b.pdf).

<!-- #### Intro to Cognitive Science -->

#### Calculus III
A list of all my HW for the class. Both problems and solutions are typed up in LaTeX below:

- [HW1](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw1.pdf),  [HW2](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw2.pdf), [HW3](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw3.pdf), [HW4](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw4.pdf), [HW5](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw5.pdf), [HW6](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw6.pdf), [HW7](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw7.pdf), [HW8](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw8.pdf), [HW9](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3hw9.pdf), [Challenge HW1](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3challengehw1.pdf), [Challenge HW3](\hw\Fall%202018\Calculus%20III\PDFs\calc3challengehw3.pdf).
