---
layout: post
title: Groups
tags: math abstract-algebra
---
### Background
Groups are considered the simplest, yet still complete, algebraic structure and is the focus of [group theory](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Group_theory).
For an introduction on the history of abstract algebra and algebraic structures refer to my post on it [here](/2017/05/21/abstract-algebra).

### Definition
A group is a set coupled with some operation that can be performed on the elements of that set. Addition ($$+$$), for example, can be done with the set of integers (denoted $$\mathbb{Z}$$). We call this group *addition under the integers* and denote it like so:

$$(\mathbb{Z},+)$$

As you can see above, a group is an ordered pair $$(a,b)$$ with where $$a$$ is a set and $$b$$ is an operator.

<!--more-->

#### The Group Axioms
But not just any set and operation can form a group. They have to satisfy 4 conditions, or *axioms*, to qualify as a group:
1. [Closure](#closure)
2. [Associativity](#associativity)
3. [Identity](#identity)
4. [Inverse](#inverse)

If we have a set $$S$$ and an operation $$\cdot$$ then the group would be $$(S,\cdot)$$.

##### Closure
The first axiom, closure, simply means that for any two element in $$S$$, say $$x$$ & $$y$$, then $$x \cdot y$$ must always be a member of $$S$$.

In the integer addition example this means that the sum of any two integers must also be an integer. Pretty simple.

*Formal definition for those who want it:* $$\forall x,y \in S (x \cdot y \in S)$$

##### Associativity

*Formal definition:* $$\forall x,y,z \in S ((x\cdot y)\cdot z = x\cdot (y\cdot z))$$

### Rationale
These 4 properties may seem arbitrary at first, but to see why they're so vital let's look at an example. We will, like before, use addition under the integers:

$$\begin{align}
  & \text{Solve for x}
\\& x+5=7
\\& (x+5)-5 = 7-5 &\text{[Add -5 to both sides]}&
\\& (x+5)-5 = 2   &\text{[Closure]}&
\\& x+(5-5) = 2   &\text{[Associativity]}&
\\& x+0 = 2       &\text{[Inverse]}&
\\& x = 2         &\text{[Identity]}&
\end{align}$$

We have some equation and want to solve for $$x$$. This is exactly what algebra, groups in particular, was made for.

* First we add $$-5$$ to both sides, allowing us to cancel the other $$5$$ later on
* Next we compute $$7-5$$, thanks to closure we know this is another integer
* Then, thanks to associativity, we move the parenthesis around to encompass $$5$$ and $$-5$$
* Since those two numbers are inverses, they add to the identity: $$0$$
* Finally since we know anything plus the identity is itself, we're done

### Extending the Group
But what if we want equations with both multiplication and addition? Well we could just 'switch' the group we are using whenever we switch from addition to multiplication or vice versa. But this is sloppy. To create an algebraic structure that includes two operations, like addition and multiplication, we need to talk about rings. Luckily I wrote a post on it [here](/2017/05/24/rings).